Update README.md (#1768)
microsoft/WinUI-Gallery: README.md

</a>
</p>

## ⭐ Features

- **WinUI controls samples:** each control page shows the markup and codebehind used to create each example.

- **Use the Microsoft.UI.Xaml (WinUI) library:** the app includes the latest WinUI NuGet package and shows how to use the [WinUI](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/apps/winui/) controls like NavigationView, SwipeControl, and more.

> - **Basic Layout:** This sample will show all of the possible layout options for your app and allow you to interact with the panels to show how to achieve any layout you are looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: We don't have such a sample.. I mean, it's a lot of different samples but feels weird to call out here?

- **Adaptive UI:** In addition to showing how each control responds to different form factors, the app itself is responsive and shows various methods for achieving adaptive UI.

> - **Design & Accessibility Guidance**: Design and accessibility pages help make the gallery a useful developer companion app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Design & accessibility guidance**: design and accessibility pages help make the gallery a useful developer companion app. 

```

</a>
</p>

## ⭐ Features

- **WinUI controls samples:** each control page shows the markup and codebehind used to create each example.

- **Use the Microsoft.UI.Xaml (WinUI) library:** the app includes the latest WinUI NuGet package and shows how to use the [WinUI](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/apps/winui/) controls like NavigationView, SwipeControl, and more.

- **Basic Layout:** This sample will show all of the possible layout options for your app and allow you to interact with the panels to show how to achieve any layout you are looking for.
- **Adaptive UI:** In addition to showing how each control responds to different form factors, the app itself is responsive and shows various methods for achieving adaptive UI.
- **Design & accessibility guidance**: design and accessibility pages help make the gallery a useful developer companion app. 

> - **Version Adaptive Code:** This sample shows how to write version adaptive code so that the app can run on previous versions of Windows while also using the latest capabilities on the most recent verison of Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think this is no longer true with WinUI 3 having downlevel support

</a>
</p>

## ⭐ Features

- **WinUI controls samples:** each control page shows the markup and codebehind used to create each example.

- **Use the Microsoft.UI.Xaml (WinUI) library:** the app includes the latest WinUI NuGet package and shows how to use the [WinUI](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/apps/winui/) controls like NavigationView, SwipeControl, and more.

> - **Basic Layout:** This sample will show all of the possible layout options for your app and allow you to interact with the panels to show how to achieve any layout you are looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We don't have such sample (anymore) as it's part of many samples. Feels weird to call this out explicitly?

</a>
</p>

## ⭐ Features

> - **WinUI Controls Samples:** Each control page shows the markup and codebehind used to create each example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **WinUI controls samples:** each control page shows the markup and codebehind used to create each example.

```

> - **Use the Microsoft.UI.Xaml (WinUI) Library:** The app includes the latest WinUI NuGet package and shows how to use the [WinUI](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/apps/winui/) controls like NavigationView, SwipeControl, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use the Microsoft.UI.Xaml (WinUI) library:** the app includes the latest WinUI NuGet package and shows how to use the [WinUI](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/apps/winui/) controls like NavigationView, SwipeControl, and more.

```

You can also learn more about current happenings with WinUI Gallery in the [project board](https://github.com/orgs/microsoft/projects/368).

## 🚀 Getting started

> Quick start guide for building the WinUI 3 Gallery locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quick start guide to building the WinUI 3 Gallery:

```

You can also learn more about current happenings with WinUI Gallery in the [project board](https://github.com/orgs/microsoft/projects/368).

> ## 🚀 Getting Started

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 🚀 Getting started

```

> Quick start guide for building the WinUI 3 Gallery locally:

Reviewer 2: I think "..guide to.." is correct

> ### 1. Set up the Environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 ### 1. Set up the environment
```

git clone https://github.com/microsoft/WinUI-Gallery.git
```

### 3. Open WinUIGallery.sln with Visual Studio and Build!

Ensure that the `WinUIGallery` project is set as the startup project in Visual Studio.

## ➡️ Further Information

To obtain information about Windows 11 development, go to the [Windows Dev Center](https://developer.microsoft.com/windows).

> ### Related topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Related Topics

```

git clone https://github.com/microsoft/WinUI-Gallery.git
```

> ### 3. Open WinUIGallery.sln with Visual Studio and Build!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 3. Open WinUIGallery.sln with Visual Studio and build!
```

Ensure that the `WinUIGallery` project is set as the startup project in Visual Studio.

> ## ➡️ Further Information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## ➡️ Further information
```

To obtain information about Windows 11 development, go to the [Windows Dev Center](https://developer.microsoft.com/windows).

> ### Related Topics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Related topics
```

git clone https://github.com/microsoft/WinUI-Gallery.git
```

### 3. Open WinUIGallery.sln with Visual Studio and build!

Ensure that the `WinUIGallery` project is set as the startup project in Visual Studio.

## ➡️ Further information

> To obtain information about Windows 11 development, go to the [Windows Dev Center](https://developer.microsoft.com/windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about Windows 11 development, go to the [Windows Dev Center](https://developer.microsoft.com/windows).

```

### 3. Open .sln with Visual Studio and Build!
```shell
WinUIGallery.DesktopWap.sln
```

> Ensure that the `WinUIGallery.DesktopWap.Packaged` is set as the startup project in Visual Studio.

Reviewer 3: Why should one use the DesktopWap solution when the WinUIGallery solutino works just fine?

Author: *WinUIGallery.sln* won't load the *WinUIGallery.DesktopWap.Packaged* project. Is it different on your end?

Reviewer: I'm not using the `DesktopWap` either

Author: Can I update the instructions to just simply open *WinUIGalley.sln*?

Reviewer 3: I think pointing out the startup project is also important here but besides that sure
